[Flow] Add discovery.digitalocean component (#3508)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/discovery.digitalocean.md

`port`              | `number`   | Port to be appended to the `__address__` label for each Droplet.                 | `80`    | no
`refresh_interval`  | `duration` | Frequency to refresh list of Droplets.                                           | `"1m"`  | no
`bearer_token`      | `secret`   | Bearer token to authenticate with.                                               |         | no
`bearer_token_file` | `string`   | File containing a bearer token to authenticate with.                             |         | no
`proxy_url`         | `string`   | HTTP proxy to proxy requests through.                                            |         | no
`follow_redirects`  | `bool`     | Whether redirects returned by the server should be followed.                     | `true`  | no
`enable_http2`      | `bool`     | Whether HTTP2 is supported for requests.                                         | `true`  | no

The DigitalOcean API uses bearer tokens for authentication, see more about it in the [DigitalOcean API documentation](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/api/api-reference/#section/Authentication).

> At most one of the [`bearer_token`](#arguments) or [`bearer_token_file`](#arguments) arguments can be provided, but one of them is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exactly one of the [`bearer_token`](#arguments) and [`bearer_token_file`](#arguments) arguments must be specified to authenticate against DigitalOcean.
```
